---Cherry Tree---

- The dense forest opens up to a wide area that is wide open besides the great Cherry 
Tree that stands hundreds of feet tall

- As the players approach the Cherry Tree they notice multiple streams of water leading
there
- As night approaches clouds start to move in and there is heavy rain and high winds
outside
- Aquarious appears behind the farthest back player and whispers "Now who might you be?"
- She introduces herself and asks the party to sit with her for tea
- She wants them to tell her about the new land and tries to convince them to go 
on a quest for her
- She tells them that the Gold Dragon Shvar'liah has made its home farther down the
path, she is a young dragon and the party should be able to handle it but she is crafty. Ff not they
have to options.
	1. Go around and take an additional three days travel
	2. Pay her 500 Gold for her to tell them of a secret path that will lead
	them past the Dragon and only take a couple of extra hours

-Aquarious the Storm Maiden, Daughter of Oko-
- Aquarios is a smaller woman 5ft 5in tall. She has vibrant hair of different shades 
of blue and green. She wears a light dress of similar colors and here vibrant blue 
eyes have raindrop shaped pupils. She speaks in a lax soothing tone water seems
to be constantly dropping from her as if she just got out of the lake and was 
soaking wet.

- Aquarious is a relatively young, 412 years old
- Aquarious is Ambititous but hides in behind a calm demeanor 
- Aquarious is fasinated by the mortal realm and loves to travel and wants to break the bonds 
	that force her to stay within the Fey realm. 
		- ways she knows to accomplish this
			1. Plant two more Tears of Oko so that her Father can be summoned
				and Turn the whole mortal realm into the fey
			2. Use Kyra the Oathbreaker's heart to fight him in the labrynith
				and gain his dagger Oathbreaker
			3. Increase her own strength by finding a way to absorb the power
				of the fey around her.
- at night the area is storming besides a small section of clouds that have parted 
to let the night sky through with Aquarious watching the stars from below.


- Aquarious Quests -

_Quest one_
Details: Take a tear of Oko and plant it in the mortal realm in the land of Alenkaria
	in non-desecrated soil

Reward: A rare magic item from her collection

Note: Can be done twice

_Quest two_
Details: Take Kyra's the Oathbreaker's heart and use it in Solocav's labrynth to
	find his room. Defeat him and return his name-sake dagger Oathbreaker to me.

Reward: Any reward up to one of her few legendary items in her collection
	- One of which is the Ollamh harp
	- Offers to take Rovock to see her father

_Quest three_ 
Details: Travel to Alenkaria's old human capital and kill Rinarack, use a gem
	to capture his soul and return it to me.

Reward: My entire magic item collection and I will bind my soul has your servant 
for two years.





HP: 400
AC: 17
SPD: 35ft

Dex: +4
Str: +2
Wis: +10
Int: +6
Cha: +4

Abilites:
Tsunami Spell - 1 use

Water strike (arms turn into streams of water): 15ft reach, +8 hit, 2d12 cold dmg

multiattack: three water strikes

Depths of the Abyss: creature must make a dex save of DC-18 or be snatched by a stream of water from the lake and get pulled under.
The creature can remake the save at the end of their turn. Another creature can jump into the water to save the creature and give the creature advantage on
their save. 

Call of the storm: when Aquarios is bloodied her colors become a darker shade and her pupils turn to lighting bolts and she gains legendary actions 3pts.
	The sky darkens and storm clouds come in.

legendary actions:
(1pt) Call lightning spell
(2pt) Depths of the Abyss