Summary:
The party has traveled four days and are close to the village that
is supposed to be around here. As they are traveling through the now
constant blizzard they can here the clinking of a coin and can see a figure a hundred or
so feet ahead approaching them. Even though he is far away it is easy to notice his details.
He looks like a human male that has a slight translucent tinge to his skin. His clothes are
torn and ragged and patches of his skin seem to freezing up but he doesn't seem to
notice as he slowly
flips a coin in his left hand. What the party does notice is his that his gaze is fixated on them , though
he wears a deadpan expression that makes it look like he could freeze to death and would
just sigh at the inconvience.

just like his appearance they can easily make out his words as he speaks to the party
"My name is Toki Talidor, and you have what I want"
There is a slignt momentary glint in his eyes as he says
"Everything"
Toki flips 

Toki Talidor:
HP: 40
AC 18 (passive barrier)

-railgun: Toki flips one of his coins at a creature and the coin blasts towards them tearing
up snow in a line of lighting and force. Creature hit needs to make DC 15 str or be knocked
back 15ft, 5ft cube is difficult terrain.
DC: 17 Dex or half dmg
DMG: 8d6 force, 3d12 lightning
	creatures within 5ft must make a save throw or take half the force damage


-clones: Once per long rest as a bonus action Toki taps his foot gently on the ground
and vanishes. Four of him appear surrounding the party, clones each cast railgun or can join
together to increase the radius and damage of the "Endless Winter" spell.

all of the clones seem to act independtly in their actions, one is in a tree flipping a coin

-Endless Winter: Toki extends his arms and the snow and wind calms for a second, he then
starts moving his arms in a circular pattern and the surrounding snow and wind starts
to pick up creating a sphere of cold.

creates a 20ft radius that expands 10ft for every clone each creature who ends their turn in
the sphere or enters it for the first time takes 5d8 cold damage and it is difficult terrain
must make a con save of 15 + clone count or be frozen for a turn,

as an action Toki can snap his fingers and make the sphere expload in a shards of ice
all creatures must make a dex save of 17 or take 8d8 piercing damage half on save


-Shield of the Wandering King: twice per long rest if toki's shield gets shattered
he can swap places with one of his clones.


Sucess: 
Toki takes lethal damage though he just sighs in disapointment, "You probably didn't have
it anyway did you? *sigh* oh well, before I die again let me tell you something. This is 
likely the cause of him *points to village* he has probably killed every living and
dead thing for days. You can either kill him and the weather will be back to "normal" or you
can ignore him, the weather shouldn't get any worse since you'll be putting distance between
you guys and him. And here's the reward for besting me, *sigh*.

Toki tosses someone a token that has an unknown town stamped on it.

Reward:
information
Toki's Token