NPC-Maggi(human)

Description:
	short humanoid that looks
	really old and withered. White hair
	Dangling over her face. Has a walking 
	Stick. Has Gaps in her teeth long bony fingers 
	eyes slighlty glowing a poisonus green.
	Speaks in a raspy withered voice.

Monologue:
	HEHEHE What have we here?
	What brings you to
	Na'zarith's Swamp? Or rather what has 
	brought Na'Zarith's Swamp to you? This is
	the las vestige of the Ancient One, 
	Na'Zarith The Mutilated Seer.

	After Alenkar fell
	to the Draconic Shade Zothicrig he landed in the heart of 
	Na'Zarith's Lair. He spent the next decade battling Na'Zaroth's 
	minions getting stronger the farther into Na'Zaroth's realm
	until he found Na'Zaroth herself. Discovering it was the Ancient One
	that had sent Zothicrig he after a fierce battle severed Na'Zarith's
	head and burned her remains. However Na'Zaroth is not so easily
	slain. Her physical form may have been destroyed but she kept
	her essence lives on. This swamp is the living beating heart of 
	Na'Zaroth that keeps her alive as she slowly regains enough power
	to once again roam the mortal realm.	
	
	Now Na'Zarith wouldn't have called you here for nothing
	she is willing to offer her power, for a price. Mortals like gold
	don't they, then how about gold? 300 gold a person, and your
	fate will be revealed.

	I sense a foreign power within you, it reminds me of young warlock
	by the name of Cyrus Nevermore. Yes, he sook power of the dead, greater
	than all of his collegues. Na'Zarith granted his wish but at the cost
	of his sight.

Regal:
Destiny- The dice speak a sad story of betrayal and 
	failure. Now the dice speak of what it is you search for. Locked away
	cold, dark dungeon, sealed away by a sorcerer's crest.

Rinarak:
Destiny- In you I sense two forces, preservation and destruction.
	Far East the Undead Harold awaits you, and it is there you
	will reach a crossroads for your destiny. You are strong of 
	body but weak of mind, if you hope to avoid being consumed 
	by your own rage you must strengthen it.

Garneth:
Destiny- In you I sense a growing Paranoia, you are surrounded by
	enemies and no where is safe. The Academy will offer momentary
	rest but be careful who you trust. It is more than just your clan 
	that wishes for your demise. You must head North, back to your 
	homeland and reclaim what is rightfully yours. Embrace your birthright
	and let it guide you.


Virtue:
Destiny- I see a life in the shadows, 
	a destiny not of your own. You 
	must find your own path before 
	you are entrapped in someone elses.

Freyja:
Destiny- For you, the farther you run from your destiny the closer
	you will arive to it. Your enemies are mearly an arms length away, though
	by the time you notice it may be to late. The BloodBorne Harold is 
	on the move, she grows stronger every day and with her comes the 
	destruction of your people.


