Clerk: Wanda(Human)
Teacher: Ammon(Human)
Students: Asher(Human), Hanna(Human), Torsh(Half-Orc), Piper(Kenku)


-Classes-
Spell Craft: Replace known spells, level of spell depends on class tier
I: Cantrip-Level_1; Price: 50G
II: Level_2-Level_4; Price: 150G
(Not offered at Mini_Academy)III: Level_3-Level_8 Price: 400G
(Not offered at Mini_Academy)IIII: Level_9 Price: 1000G

Magic Memorization: Be able to recall any details of a spell from sight/incantation
I: Cantrip-Level_5; Price: 200G
II: Level_6-Level_9; Price: 500G

Spell Library: Add any spell to book/memory
I: Level_1; Price: 150G
II: Level_2-Level_3; Price: 300G
III:Level_4; Price; 500G

Magic History: Learn the history of magic in Alenkaria
I: Human Magiks: The Royal Cabal; Price: 75G
II: Foreign Powers: Dwarven Enforcers and Elven Purebloods; Price: 200G
III: History of Gifted: Price: 500G

History of Gifted:
	The only Ancient Records that surpass 400 years ago is
	the battle between Alenkar and his younger brother the Malthus.
	Back when Man just arrived in Alenkaria two brothers rallied all of the 
	Humans under one flag. Both were unspeakably powerful, born
	to magic that is lost to this day. One day a great monster threatened 
	Humanities existence. Darkness covered the sky as a Draconic Shade the 
	size of a fortress attacked. The two brothers fought together slowly but 
	surely bringing the beast down. Then disaster struck as the eldest brother
	over extended one of his attacks, leaving him unable to avoid the 
	Draconic Shade's chaotic blast that shattered a mountain and
	opend up a chasm in the ground that consumed him.
	Now by himself and little options, before the Shade could recover from its own devistating blow
	the younger brother released a forbidden spell
	in order to protect his country. The younger brother banished the 
	Shade, using his own body as a vessel to contain the monster. He then 
	melded the monster with his skin, fusing its power with his own to 
	ensure that it would never escape. The older brother was missing and presumed dead,
	and the younger brother was corrupted. Years past and the 
	younger brother's sanity wained and he was consumed by 
	hatred. Eventually the younger brother completely lost himself as he
	declared war on the entire world, annihilating any non-human races.
	The older brother having just returned from the depths of the Earth.
	Returned to see the world he once love falling into ruins. Knowing
	there was only one way to stop this, he challenged his younger brother
	to a duel and slew him. Upon the younger brothers death the 
	corruption inside his body released across land threatening to turn it
	into a necrotic wasteland. The older brother poured all of his life into
	his most powerful holy spell. He then speared that power through ground
	willing it to spread across the entire land cleansing it of all 
	corruption. The gifted are a side effect of this event, the power that
	Alenkar poured into the land will rarely appear inside an individual.
	Granting said individual with holy magic that is usually related to healing.

Human Magicks: 
	Dating back as far as 400 years the Human's Royal Cabal as served as 
	both powerful political actors and military assest. The Cabal consits
	of 32 of the most powerful mages in Alenkaria, some rivaling
	the Elven Purebloods. Most of the Cabal usually come from prominant 
	Sorcerer families that form the magic association,
	such as the Balfors. With the creation of the Academy
	more and more of the Cabal's ranks are being filled with prior students.

Foreign Powers: 
	While the Humans have their own Royal Cabal the Dwarvan Clans and the 
	Elven country has their own form of magic orginization. With the Dwarves
	it is the Enforcers. Each Clan has their own group of Enforcers that
	work as a police force that reports directly to the Clan's king. Little 
	is known of them as the Clan's like to keep them as secret as possible. 
	But they are equipped with anti-magic equipment that is attuned to their
	specific person. And they are the clans go-to when hunting down any
	wanted individual. The Elves on the otherhand have their PureBloods. 
	The more tightly one is born into the royal bloodline the stronger
	their magic will be; therefore the "purer" their blood is. Elven
	PureBloods are known to be the most magically potent sorcerers in
	Alenkaria though little is known how many remain after King Gavid wiped them
	out during the Siege of Armadon through the Great War.
	
	


	
	