--Nathan's Stories--


1. The first of my friends I found was my closest friend and who I had hoped to one day be my wife, she was completely
mindless even so it broke my heart as I thrust my sword through her's. The only relief I had was knowing she was free
from this wretched world.

2. My second friend was a close companion who I had freed from the Elve's when I made my own escape, she was half Tiefling
half Elf both races hated her so we chose to give her a human name, Lilly. She was mute from her father cutting her 
tongue out as a child so he didn't have to listen to his little monstrosity. Killing a child was beneath him, but mutalating
one, well Elves aren't known for there wonderful hospitality. I found her still somewhat sentient, she could think and speak
but had no control over herself, and I was barely able to kill her before she slit my throat.

3. Nathan slices his arm with his long sword and the blood turns to mist as it fuses into his blade. "Yup Elves aren't the
only ones capable of having this power, they learned that the hard way."

4. I was kidnapped at a young age by a group of Blood Elves along with other kids. They wanted to see if other species could act as the catalyst
for their bloody ritual. They fused my blood with some of the elves, did other magical expirements I couldn't even
think to explain and had us duel to the death. Over and over and over. Until I was the last one remaining, afterall
of their experiements they were successful, too successful. Not only had I become a catalyst but I became a full-fledged
bloodhunter. Using my new found strength and powers I was able to escape, kill my captors in their sleep and set the whole
place on fire as I made my escape.

5. Nathan rips the heart out of one of the zombies and pulls out one of his now empty flasks. He holds his arm over the flask
with the heart and slices his arm with a knife letting the blood pool together and mix into the flask. He adds in a couple
of other ingrediants and the liquid slightly glows before dimming and coming to a still.

6. There's a reason I used to only use these powers as a last resort, its all demonic and completely evil. There was even
an one elf I met that must've agreed, she was the only elf who didn't have ash gray skin-the sign of extensive us of these
powers-I noticed in her pouch she had a couple of vials though I never saw her use them. I guess there are good people
among all races, though when the 
entire world collapses into the land of the dead, well morals and ethics are not at the top of my list of priorities. 
I guess Azerlien wasn't important enough to be given this power in particular, lucky her.
