-Description-
As the party approach the town they notice that it is different from the rest of the wastelands they have been traveling
the town looks like it has recently been fortified and at a distance they can see guards posted on the walls and around 
the entrance to the town. As the party gets closer they can see that the guards are well armored but that they are not
human. Every creature is in fact still undead. 
	- Undead Patrols - 4 undying soldiers and one dread warrior
	- DC stealth - against Patrols +3

-Inside the town-
-Description: the town is bustling with a lot of undead, they all seem mindless but have tasks to do and are working away.
	Throughout the town the party can see multiple giant 20-30ft statues of a menancing Minotaur some have him with 
	a greataxe in both ands and a staff across his back, others have a staff in hand and greataxe across the back, along 
	with several other heroic poses. In the center of town seems to be a magnificant building that stands out above the
	rest.

	- Every party member gets three actions but must make stealth checks depending on the actions

-Inside the mansion-
The first thing the party sees is a large beautiful room that looks like it is meant to house hundreds of people.
Inside they see a young female human directing a group of skeletons that are setting up chandeliers and windows. 
Upon closer inspection the human's skin is tinged pale green and her eyes have a slight pale green glow to them.
She notices the party and introduces herself as Poppy. 
"Hello there! (she shoos away all the skeletons in the room) I didn't know we were having travelers, those blasted
guardsmen can really struggle to follow orders. I hope they didn't give you to much trouble."

-Poppy's story-
Nearly a year ago I rode with Rinarack into the great hoardes of the undead and there I died so that he and his companions
could put a stop to whatever was causing it. Later I awoke to Rinarack hovering over me telling me that for my valiant 
efforts I would be given a second chance at life. You see he didn't only put a stop to the great calamity but he took control
of it. He used his new found power to raise me from the dead and sacrificed his Deathknight to restore me and make me 
stronger than ever. Now I am building up this city in his honor, because once he finishes tearing down the old world he
will build a new one from its ashes. And I am going to be prepared to greet him when he does.

Encounter - Death Knight - Longbow rather than Longsword, no spellcasting. When she parries she can move 10ft as a reaction
	without provoking opportunity attack.
		- Lair - every round 1d4 undying soldiers join the battle
Nathan - 21
Lair - 20
Rovock - 19
Undying - 19
Crispus - 13
Dwindle - 3
Poppy - 2


11
11
11
11

5

152