Important Events(history/public)

Great War:
	100 years ago the Elves and Dwarves waged war on the humans, the Elves attacked from the south
	dwarves from the north. The humans were able to hold the dwarves in a stalemate at the mountain passes 
	and their one fortress city therein. However this lead them to be unprepared to deal with the 
	Elves attack from the south. The humans had to quickly draw back farther and farther into their
	mainland. They were forced to retreat faster than they could evacuate the surrounding villages and 
	towns. Their two strongholds that held the entrances into the humans mainland north of the forsaken
	desert could only hold so many refugees and so they made the decision to turn away all of the 
	tieflings that were one of the most prevelant races that lived in the human's southern lands. This 
	meant the Tieflings had to fend for themselves as the Elves hunted them down slaughtering them by the
	thousands. The Elves unwilling to try their luck crossing the great desert attacked the western stronghold.
	After multiple assaults failed, they decided to lay siege to the fortresses bombarding
	them with magic before attacking swiftly in the night. The western stronghold was starting to give so 
	the human knight, Sir Gavid Alikov lead 80 men through the week long trek across the Forsaken desert
	where he lost 10 men the intense heat, 7 men to sand traps, and another 23 to natural predators. Still
	Gavid and his last 40 men snuck around to the back of the Elven camp and waited until the Elven Mages
	exhausted themselves of their power on the fortress believing that it would fall any moment, this 
	meant they were defenseless. As soon as the elven warriors attacked Gavid and his men snuck
	up on the camp from behind and attacked. Most the elves were sleeping or resting in some way and 
	none were prepared for the attack. All of the magic users were killed and Gavid activated a magic
	artifact that launched a bright light into the sky. This signaled to the city that he was successful.
	All at once the gates to the city opened up and tens of thousands of soldiers and refugees armed with swords
	and spears charged the elven army forcing them to retreat back to their homeland where they have
	remained in silence since. The dwarves realizing what happened and knowing they had no way to break
	the stalement decided to enter into a peace treaty with the humans and their relationship as been
	tense ever since. As for the tieflings, by the time the humans regained all of their land back nearly
	every tiefling had been killed with all remaining tieflings joining together in one village.


