Prologue: The Beginning of the end


Unknown voice: 
	Greetings chosen ones, none of you will remeber this but I say it in hopes that it will still
	have some effects on you. This world is long since overdue for catastraphe, This world has its fate, 
	that left to its own devices will leave your known world in ruins. 
	One might say that it’s history has already been written, and it is 
	only through you five that things may change. You alone have the power to rewrite history. 
	I do not expect you to fully comprehend the magnitude of what it is that I speak of, so rather
	than try to explain it I will show you.
	

Music: (48) "WHEN YOUR HEART SEEMS TO BREAK" • Music For The (Not Yet) Broken Heart - Full Music Mix - YouTube

DM: Players see a vast world that is covered in darkness, 
	in the center there is a great city that is under attack by an army of 
	thousands of undead. With one giant monster leading them, this towering 
	beast breaks through the city’s wall with one blow. Allowing the undead 
	to charge directly into the city. Farther to the north a storm brews above 
	the mountains, and a great bronze dragon is in the center of it all. With one powerful
	breath the dragon sends a blast of lightning down that blows a crater into the center of 
	the mountain revealing a city of terrified civilians looking upon their impending doom as 
	a second strike comes barreling towards them. In the south a lone black armor clad knight stands
	right outside of a forest with his sword planted in the ground as he watches the forest burn.
	And off in the distance a single person is sailing away on a small ship as the entire country 
	gets decimated.

Unknown voice: “This is the fate of this world only you have potential to change it, 
	so be mindful of every choice you make. Of every piece of knowledge you share and 
	of everyone you choose to trust. Of the allies you make, of the enemies you slay. 
	Everything you do will have an effect on this world, go forth with this knowledge 
	and make your decisions wisely.”
