		---The_Undead_Harold---
(Gjile): Ah! So your the new Adventurers that 
I've heard so much about. Come join us by the 
hearth and get something to drink. Tell me what
story is it that you have come to hear? How about
the tale of Krellik the Goblin Warlord whose
conquest from the northern sea to the Blackrock 
Mountains was only stopped by nature itself? Or
the Battle of Lethanial that this very city got its
name from? Or if your more into rumors, the story
of Garneth Helmsmith, the Dragon Marked
Dwarven Fugitive who is said will bring 
ruin upon the Dwarven clans? 'Some dwarves give
Gjile an angry stare'

(Gjile): A glass ball of Darkness you say?
	'Gjile's expression darkens'
Well thats a tale
I'd never thought I would have requested. 
	'The fire dims as Gjile calls for his audience 
	to move in closer' *Cue spooky music*
Gather around young ones, and any of you who
be faint of heart I'd advise you leave now. 

For
this is no ordinary tale. This is not a faciful
romance, nor a glorious conquest. This is the story
of The King of Liches, The Lord of Death, The
Harbringer of Despair, The Undead Harold. No one
knows where he came from nor where he is now. Only
that he is a being that is as old as death itself.
Where ever he walks mortals die, whenever he speaks
corpses rise. And wherever his presence looms 
carnage follows. Many say he is a myth that he was
created to scare children into obeying there parents.
But I assure you now he is no myth, for there is 
proof of his existence. There is a valley at the 
base of the Eastern Mountains where death itself
lingers in the air. It is said that two ancient
armies faced off the bloodshed was so great that
it drew the attention of the Harold. And on the 
thrid night of fighting when the fight was at 
its fierciest the dead started to rise under the 
moonless night. And when the midnight struck, the
Lord of Liches appeared in the center of the valley
and any mortal in a 60 foot radius could feel their
skin begin to wither and their life being drained 
away. The two armies tried to fight off the new 
hoard but it was all in vain, for every undead that
was struck down two more took their place. And 
every ally that was slain would rise into the 
ranks of the Harold. Not one living soul left that
valley that night, and none who entered has left 
since.

