---The Feywild---
The party can see a land of unrestrained natural beauty. They can see the 
waterfall from which they came and it comes out of a cave hundreds of feet in the
air. The forest is a vibrant green and the lighting is that of a constant twilight
of the setting sun. The party notices that all of their senses seem to be heightened
and emotions they feel are amplified. They can see a lot of wild life from shadowy 
hoods to little butterfly like dragons. All of the monsters seem to be keeping their
distance from the party. There is a path that follows the stream the party came from.
While traveling the party sees a giant flock of faerie dragons being lead by a 
giant faerie dragon. The party travels the whole day and realizes their rations got
washed away in the stream. The party eventaully sets up camp for the night.

---The living forest---
Whoever is on second watch needs to make constant perception checks of 
18/16/14/12/10 to notice the trees roots and branches slowly creeping closer
and closer to the sleeping party. Each failed throw means the party must roll a 
higher dex save to avoid being restrained by the trees. Dex saves are 14/16/18/20

To free a member the party must kill the tree every turn a member is restrained they
take 3d8 damage. The forest is 200ft to escape. Dex saves are 14 for the remaining 
trees.

---The Storm Maiden---
After exiting the forest the party comes to where the stream leads. A giant
lake that has tons of rivers and streams leading in and out of it.
Garneth hears a whisper in his ear 
"Now who might you be?" The party notices a woman standing behind garneth who 
introduces herself as Aquarios the Storm Maiden. 
Aquarios is a smaller woman 5ft 5in tall. She has vibrant hair of different shades 
of blue and green. She wears a dress of similar colors and here vibrant blue 
eyes have raindrop shaped pupils. She speaks in a lax soothing tone water seems
to be constantly dropping from her as if she just got out of the lake and was 
soaking wet.

There are three ways the party can interact with her, fight her and force her to
return them to the surface. Convince/make a deal with her to return them to
the surface. Or she will guide them to a cave to the king of the faerie dragons
who can take them to the surface if they best him in combat.

Aquarios food she offers instantly give the party a long rest.