---GONDO's SHACK---

A medium sized room that is covered with runes. There is a giant magic circle in the center of the room and 
20 ish small magic circles connected to it and encircling the the giant magic circle. The door leads out into 
the slums of the capital and the building the party exits is a simple run down shack.

---High Mage Thexius---
The party returns to the academy where they meet with High Mage Thexius to discuss their success. 
Thexius conrgratulates the party and brings them to a vault where he offers each of them a reward for their success.
The reward is a rare magic item of their choosing and an elixar of power that levels up the party. He then tells the party to
come to the king's war room in one week and hands them a seal.

---Garneth's "gift"---
In the morning a messenger brings a package to Garneth saying he was told to give this to Garneth Helmfist.
Inside is a note saying "Keep running you dragonspawn coward and see what else it costs you" and inside is the head of 
Garneth's father. If the trap wasn't disarmed then everyone in a 60ft radius needs to make a dex saving throw or take 10d12 fire dmg on a 
fail or half as much on a save.
DC investigation 18 to notice the trap

---War Room---
Inside the room there are many generals and other high ranking officials. The head general Dominick Alcov is explaining the plan.
"The Dwarves navy is barely a few floating rafts, preparations are finished and Captain Halieve will lead our fleet in a surprise
attack four nights from now when the moon is hidden at night." He looks to the party

"I've been told about you lot and how there is no better strike force for this mission. While the main force storms the beaches you will
be taking a secret underwater route that should let you bypass the armies. Our attack is mearly a distraction to draw the bulk of the dwarven force
which will allow you to sneak into the capital and assassinate the king. Halieve can debrief you on the details later but for now we need to discuss 
the strategy for dealing with the blood elves."

After a few more hours the meeting finishes up and the party prepares to head out in four nights.