Intro: The party is going to sleep the night before the winter festival begins each of the
members is awaken to a distant calling, the voice seems to tug that the very existance of
each of them, urging them to follow. A thin green line of mist is visible and each of the
party members feel and urge to follow. Wis DC19 if the player tries to resist. Each 
member appears to be alone. The mist guides the players deeper into the city, into the 
darker more rundown side of the Capital. It is eriely quiet, and there appears to be no one
out on the streets. The players are guided to an allyway, at the end of the allway is a pair
of ancient looking stairs leading downwards into the darkness. When the players head down 
the staircase everything gets dark to the point the only thing visible is a thin green line of
mist. Then each player enters a hallway and
notices two other lines of mist and as the room slowly illuminates 
in a green glow the players notice they are all back together. They are unable to turn back so
the head down the hallway to the room that the green light is coming from.

Description: the room is made of ancient looking stone, the light comes from a boiling 
cauldron, that has a figure standing on a pedistal arms outstretched stairing at the 
players with glowing green eyes. Six goblets encircle the room all filled with the green
liquid.

Owner: Nelmalru: ????????: Na'zirath's Acolyte

Nelmalru:"Enter mortals, you who have been so cruelly chosen by fate. Heed my words, 
as they come from Alterer of Desinty's itself. Na'zirath speaks and show it shall be!
"A great calamity approaches on the morn of darkest day. Head north for the Dragon Sorcerer
or East for the Undead Barbarian. But head not South for the Blood Elf, or your thread of fate
shall be cut early. From here you must be in your perfect form or, you are bound to fail. 
Just this once I shall grant you the ability to alter the very origin of your existence.
Mutating fate and desitiny to fit your needs."

Nelmalru levitates the goblets, bringing three to itself and one to each of the members.
Nelmalru cuts itself and a drop of blood falls into each of the goblets changing the color
to black and then the party members feel a sting of pain in their soul, as a drop of blood
falls from them into a goblet turning the liquid red. Nelmalru floats a black goblet next to
each of the red.

"Drink, black if you wish to change, Red if you wish to stay."
RED: A calming solidifying feeling goes throughout the body as the player's vision starts
to fade
BLACK: An excrutating pain resenates through the body of the player as the player feels
their body and soul forcefully being altered. The player must guide the liquid through them
to change themselves into what they want. Once they finish they black out from pain.

Alteration: can move one set of points to another to a max of 20, can move one class's level
to anothers

All players wake up in their beds where they went to sleep, they wake up to alarm bells
ringing and the entire city in panic.


