_The Journey Begins_

Days 1-3:
	the start of the journey the party is traveling through the grassy fields to the 
	mountains in the distance. The party can use this time to get to know each other and
	exchange their stories. *Everyone consume 3 rations!*


Day 4: 
	The party enters the mountains and they have two paths they can take.
	*Melinda knows that one path is faster but more dangerous, and the other path is longer but safer. Left faster, right safer.*
	
	Left path: The party has chosen to go the more dangerous path and as they follow the natural trail through the mountain
	it leads them higher and higher. Everything is going alright, the snow isn't that bad but the trail start to gets 
	thinner and it leads along the side of a cliff. The path gets to be only three feet wide when they come across
	a problem. There is a fissure in the side of the mountain that is 15 feet long, *if player can't jump that far the DC athletics is
	10 + whatever additional feet they need to cover*.
	
	As night falls the party finds a small cave in the side of the mountain they can camp out in.

	Right path: The party travels along the safer path and the next day they make good time and do not
	run into any troubles.
	
Day 5:
	Left path: The party starts to head down the path, they notice that it snowed a lot in the night
	but it is now extremely sunny and actually suprisingly hot. After a couple of hours the path
	widens out and the snow doesn't seem to slow them down much. *Perception check DC: 14* Someone notices
	some rumbling and sees a mini avalanche coming their way. *Dexterity check DC: 17* The players need to 
	try and free all players caught by the avalanche *Survival check DC: 18 every minute*



Day 6:
	Left path: The party is forced into a path that 20ft wide and is between two mountains. The weather is lightly snowing
	but nothing too crazy. The mountain sides all have a bunch of caves along the walls. *Perception check of against stealth of 
	monsters or be surprised* Roll initiative as the monsters attack from the cover of a single cave. If party investigate the 
	cave they will see the bodies of multiple dwarves and a single gnome. 50 gold between the dwarves and 200 gold on the gnome 
	along with one random uncommon item.
	









