__Gathering the group__

The party starts off split into three different groups
group one: Crispus Lothran
group two: Rovock, Dwindle
group three: Azerlein, Gondo

"Crispus has arrived in the guildhall of Luminosa. He is waiting for Gondo and keeping an eye out for a Gensai
that Gondo claimed would likely show up around the same time as him."

"A group enters the Guildhall" Have Mark and Brooke introduce their characters.

*let the three players interact for a bit*

*Another group enters the tavern, it is Gondo a mysterious pale-gray elf that is covered head to toes in scars*

"Crispus! You got my message, and Rovock what a coincidence, who would've thought you would show up at this perfect time?
Seems I got lucky afterall, now who might your leafy companion be? Well I could use
all of the help I can get so welcome aboard. This here is Azerlein, she is going to be your guide for the journey into
the new world. Now as for payment, you agree to the quest I'm about to layout and I'll give you what each of you desire most."

"for Crispus, I can promise you chance to sing the praise of your lord in the grandest location of all of Taldarim. In the noble
courts of the Elven city fo Vanaheim."

"For Rovock, I can promise you a rock. But not just any rock, only the finest of all the rocks. A rock that is imbued with the 
concentrated power of Klemrock himself, that when used will allow you to understand if not briefly the true will of the Primordial
that can be used to guide you for the rest of your life. It is truly a rock among rocks."

"For Azerlein, I have already brought you to the border of your country. Though once the quest is over I will gladly teleport
you right to the center of your home."

"And lastly for my Mr. Leafy here... What is it that you want? I should have an elixer or to that can burn those plants right out of your soul"

"As for the quest. When my Robotic doppelganger teleported all of Alenkaria to Taldarim he used my shack as an anchor point. Which means that my shack
is somewhere likely in the Shadowfell. Normally I could just teleport myself to it or teleport it to me, however there is a massive Anti-Teleportation field 
surrounding the continent. No high level spaitial magic can come in or out of there. I need you to destroy that field. There should be a large magic formation
that is creating the effect. You destroy the central part of that formation you destroy the field. I have created a device that will point you in the direction of 
that central part, follow it using Azerlein as a guide and destroy the magic field. I have on me a single Scroll of the Forgotten World. I always keep it on my person
in case of emergencies and there is no better time to use it than now."








