-Hal's Cottage-
(Captain Halieve)

The weather is getting worse and worse until it is a blowing wind and rain so hard that it is difficult to see.
 - Sleeping in this weather gives the player a cold
 - Anything requiring sight has disadvantage
 - The ground is difficult terrain

As the party continues along they can make out the outline of a cottage nearby. Inside is a middle aged man who has a rugged appearence and an eyepatch.
He is tending to a fire, the party notices that his skin tone has a pale green hue to it. He introduces himself as Hal a soldier who died in combat
but was brought back against his will.

"Where are you lot headed?"

"A couple of weeks after Rinarak's hundreds of thousands of undead were created. Most mear souless husks that were left wandering only lead
by some vague impression of destruction left to them by Rinarak. Though some were raised with their souls intact, not completely whole but 
still maintaining varying degrees of sentience. It seems that even the most stable undead were still under some influence of Rinarak because
even they seem compelled to fight a never ending war."

"A band of powerful undead went to all the surrounding settlements and gathered all of their valuables. They brought their loot to the city 
nearest to Rinarak, now every group of undead fights to control the city believing that whoever holds it when Rinarak arrives will be given
rewards and honor untold."

"All the massive armies are battling on more open plains areas, if you travel through the dense forest you should be able to make good time through the
city, you will have to deal with powerful smaller groups but you shouldn't get overwhelmed. I do warn you, do not spend the night unless you are 
confident you are in a safe rest area."

"I was once a guard for one of the nobles of the city, in their mansion on the south eastern side of the city in his wine cellar there is a secret tunnel
that leads out of the city and heads westward. Just remeber this, when you are in the tunnel you will come to a fork and take the southern path. The others
are decoys and that one will double back to head westward."

"In return I have a favor to ask, this night when I am deep in sleep could you kill me?"

"Its odd, I can't seem to feel anything. Not heat, cold, or flavor. I eat, drink and prep the firestove for my sanity more than any real comfort.
But yet I still seem to fear death, I can't seem to bring to do the deed myself. Also us undead don't go easy so make sure its a clean strike and that
you don't hold back."

"A trinket from my grandmother from when I was a child, I guess she wasn't as crazy as I thought."